Let's imagine that we want to change this class Date and make it class Birthday.
One of the things we might want to do if we make this class Birthday
is to make the members constant because presumably,
once you have a birthday, it never changes.
So we can set all these members to constant.
What that's going to do though is make it really tough for us
to assign values to these member variables from within the constructor.
In fact, when I say really tough what I actually mean is,
it's not going to work. Let me save this.
Now, when we compile,
we get all sorts of issues actually first of all related to the fact that we're trying to
declare a class Date that no longer
exists and now we get assignment of read-only member birthday.
So we're trying to basically assign to a constant which we're not allowed to do.
So what we might do here is to declare an initializer list,
day(d) and month(m) and year(y).
Now, everything should compile and work.
Whoops, let me save this.
Oh, sorry we need to change this from Date to Birthday.
Now, if I save this, no match.
Oh, here, we need to also change the declaration of the constructor.
Now what we see is,
we just get errors related
to these mutator functions and that's because we can't mutate a constant.
So actually probably what we need to do is get rid of these mutator functions.
Now if we compile the function,
everything works and all of the tests pass.
So we're able to turn Date into a Birthday and make the day,
month, and year constant by using an initializer list.
Now one of the issues that we might run
into here is that we're not checking the invariants.
So we could set Day to some crazy negative 29 value.
That would work even though there probably should be
some catch validating whether the input data is good or not.
We might want to actually declare a date and then have a birthday
be subclass or a derived class from date or be constructed or composed of a date.
Those are more advanced topics that we'll get to later.
But for the moment, I think the most interesting thing to
see is that if we have const member variables,
what we need to do in order to initialize them is to use these initializer lists.